Added ability to control field visibility on schema definition (#1434)
webonyx/graphql-php: docs/type-definitions/object-types.md

| isTypeOf     | `callable`             | **function ($value, $context, [ResolveInfo](../class-reference.md#graphqltypedefinitionresolveinfo) $info): bool**<br> Expected to return **true** if **$value** qualifies for this type (see section about [Abstract Type Resolution](interfaces.md#interface-role-in-data-fetching) for explanation).                                                                                    |
| resolveField | `callable`             | **function ($value, array $args, $context, [ResolveInfo](../class-reference.md#graphqltypedefinitionresolveinfo) $info): mixed**<br> Given the **$value** of this type, it is expected to return value for a field defined in **$info->fieldName**. A good place to define a type-specific strategy for field resolution. See section on [Data Fetching](../data-fetching.md) for details. |

> | visible      | `bool` or `callable`   | **function ($context): mixed**<br> You can customize the visibility of fields by defining them as visible or not visible using a `bool` or your own custom logic by sending a `callable` that receives the `$context`. In introspection, the field will not be included in the result and if a query references that field, it will return a validation error.                             |

Reviewer: > that receives the `$context`

As mentioned in https://github.com/webonyx/graphql-php/pull/1434#issuecomment-1735062027, that is no longer the case.

```suggestion
| visible      | `bool` or `callable`   | Defaults to `true`. The given callable receives no arguments and is expected to return a `bool`, it is called once  when the field may be accessed. The field is treated as if it were not defined at all when this is `false`. |
```
